docs(dotnet): add additional MSBuild properties (#13482)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/dotnet/common/configuration/msbuild/sentry-cli.mdx

Reviewer: Since we are moving this, can you add a redirect as well? You can take a look at `redirects.js`, let me know if you need any help!

---

> title: Sentry CLI

Author: question: When run locally, for this page, I get 2 errors per page load:
```
Encountered two children with the same key, `#SentrySetCommits`. Keys should be unique so that components maintain their identity across updates. Non-unique keys may cause children to be duplicated and/or omitted — the behavior is unsupported and could change in a future version.
```

But the page only contains a single `<ConfigKey name="SentrySetCommits">` and no other heading with text `SentrySetCommits`.

What am I doing wrong?

Author: We do. I added `getsentry/docs` to the reviewers as well. I should have added "@getsentry/docs" to my question to clarify whom I'm asking.

Reviewer: I'm seeing this error as well locally on the master branch, so this isn't related to your changes, we don't need to address it here.

> description: "Configure MSBuild properties in your .NET project to automatically use the Sentry CLI."

Reviewer 2: Can we add some examples of what "using Sentry CLI" means?
```suggestion
description: "Configure MSBuild properties in your .NET project to use Sentry CLI to automatically upload debug symbols, add source context and more."
```
